Ck/ckbox upgrade guide (#14693)
ckeditor/ckeditor5: docs/updating/update-to-38.md

	.catch( /* ... */ );
```

### Adjusting to Changes in `ckeditor5-cbox`

#### CKBox Library Dependency

> The `ckeditor5-cbox` plugin now solely operates with the CKBox library version `2.0.0` or higher. Ensure you have the following script tag in your HTML to load the correct version:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [`@ckeditor/ckeditor5-cbox`](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@ckeditor/ckeditor5-ckbox) package now solely operates with the [CKBox](https://ckeditor.com/docs/ckbox/latest/index.html) library version `2.0.0` or higher. Ensure you have the following script tag in your HTML to load the correct version:
```

I would add a few links.
